[groggy moans]
[grunt] Where am I?
What happened?
Boruto... If it's for you...
[pained grunts and gasps]
[pained grunts]
Boruto!
[gasps]
[gasp]
[pained grunt and groan]
(SARADA) Mitsuki?
[gasp]
Mitsuki!
Hey, just what do you think
you're doing?!
Sarada... Where's Boruto?!
[gasp] It's alright. Lord
Seventh protected Boruto and
everybody else, too.
Oh, I see... Well, thank
goodness.
Now come on, get back in bed!
But Lord Seventh was kidnapped
by those guys...
[gasp]
So right now... my dad's on his
way with the Five kage to rescue
him. And...
Boruto went with them.
Boruto, too?
(SARADA) Yeah.
He just snapped out of his
depression like that and went
with them.
(MITSUKI) That's so like him...
We'll use this to get to them.
Let's go!
Sarada, Shikadai, take care of
everyone!
He'll be fine, right? I mean, my
dad and the Five Kage are with
him...
He'll come home safe, won't he?
(MITSUKI) He'll be okay.
Because, after all, he's the sun
in my sky.
[chuckle]
I knew you'd say that.
[laughing]
Yeah, you're right.
Okay... you were in critical
condition, you know! You gotta
stay in bed and rest.
You're right. I feel like all my
energy has been drained away.
[chuckle] There you go!
Whoah!
[chuckle] This is kind of fun.
Yeah, yeah...
Okay, well, I've gotta get going
now. I'll call Shizune in for
you.
Okay.
Wow, Boruto... As expected,
you're amazing...
[pained yells and groans]
So tell me... how does it feel
to be nourishing this nursery
I've created?
It's quite nice, isn't it?
This Divine Tree was created
from someone just like you who
harbored a Tailed Beast...
within him.
[pained grunts]
Old Man Bee...!
[pained yells and groans]
And shortly, you'll become part
of the Divine Tree as well! Hm?
[pained yells and groans]
Such ridiculously enormous
chakra.
And we've only reached the
halfway point.
[pained yell and moan]
[grunt]
It's taking too long.
[heavy breathing]
Sorry about that.
[grunt]
You see... [pained breath] It's
just that... we ninja...
...don't like to make things
easy, ya know?
[angered growl]
Ninja are different than you.
Our abilities took time and hard
work to acquire...
So we're not gonna give them up
at least not as easy as that!
[chuckle] So what will you do?
You vulgar creatures train and
persevere endlessly- and
pointlessly- all for nothing!
Once you become Chakra Fruit...
You're merely fodder.
Before bringing you here I was
able to absorb a large number of
jutsu.
I wouldn't begin to speculate,
nor would I care to know...
how much time you spent
mastering the ones you possess.
But... with just these pills...
...we can obtain power greater
than yours effortlessly.
Huh?!
[nervous groan]
With this Shinobi Gauntlet you
can use jutsu without using your
own chakra.
And also you can use other
people's jutsu.
It's just like that Scientific
Ninja Tool...
Huh?
I guess that... it's all my
fault, huh?
If you'd talked to me before
this...
[grunt] I...
Then I...
I wouldn't have ended up in this
damn mess!
I pushed him... That's why he
relied on that Tool...
I treated him just like a little
kid...
I didn't even acknowledge him at
all... And I didn't try...
...to see him for who he really
is. And that's the reason...
[pained yells and groans]
What are you mumbling about you
fool? Just be quiet now.
This is still going to take a
lot of time.
[pained yells and groans]
Anyway, you said you'd awakened
this "awesome power". So what is
it?
It's the Byakugan.
[gasp]
What?!
Ordinarily, the Byakugan
requires intense training before
one can manifest it.
Oh. Is that really true?
Well, then, I guess that... I
must really be a genius!
Like Shikamaru just told you,
you need a lot of training
before you can use the Byakugan.
And to be honest, there's
something that I know better
than anyone else...
you haven't gone through that
kind of training.
What's that mean?
Are you trying to say that I'm
just lying about this?
No, I'm not. There are cases
like Himawari who've awakened it
out of the blue.
So we can't simply write off
what you're saying... But, then
again...
I see. So in other words, you
just don't trust me, is that it?
At the very least, there has to
be some proof.
But I can see it!
Take a good look.
Hold on, that's...
(NARUTO CLONE) Yeah... The
person who attacked your
classmates.
The chakra in his body has been
almost completely depleted.
Listen... the only reason that
you've been safe during these
incidents...
...is sheer luck and nothing
more than that!
This is no longer a matter for
kids playing detective.
Yeah, I know that, alright?!
You don't. You don't understand
the true horrors of battle till
you've seen them for yourself.
First, graduate from the
Academy. And then we'll be able
to talk.
What?! Come on, Dad! That isn't
fair!
Boruto and the others were just
getting workplace experience.
As I assigned them to.
Correct, Boruto?
Look, Shino, you know he's only
a kid. He's too young to really
understand.
You may well be right.
But still... there are times
when a child is able to show us
he can do more than an adult...
...if he is treated like an
adult.
But why not?! You're the Hokage,
after all!
Yes, but as Hokage, I have to
think about the well-being of
the entire village.
As I already told you I will not
let her down.
Don't worry. But just try to
stay out of trouble, okay?
It's for your own good. Don't
stick your nose into dangerous
situations.
What do you mean by that?! When
I do something I always see it
through!
Listen, Boruto, I didn't
apologize to you well enough.
[sigh] About your birthday the
other day...
(BORUTO) Forget it.
You were super busy with all the
Hokage business, right? I never
had very high hopes, anyway.
Boruto, I...
But listen up! You'd better be
home for Himawari's birthday!
I honestly don't care if my
stupid old man won't come home
for my birthday. But Himawari...
She's still young n' innocent.
And she wants you there.
So promise me right now! You
better come home for hers!
Yeah. I promise.
Look. This is for real! If you
break your word, then I'll never
forgive you!
[chuckle]
Uh...!
[groan]
[pained yells and groans]
I really didn't try... to
understand him... at all...
[pained yells and groans]
[chuckle] I guess that I can't
complain... It's only natural if
he calls me "stupid old man."
[pained yells and groans]
Stop mumbling and resisting!
Just let us extract your chakra!
[pained gasp] Nope, sorry.
There's no way that's gonna
happen, dude.
[gasp]
Huh?!
[chuckle] I plan... on wrapping
this up quickly... so that... I
can hurry back home... to him...
...well that is after I defeat
you! Huh?
[gasp]
Let's do it!
Ahhh!
[grunt]
What?! They're here?
The one in the black cape
must've used his Rinnegan!
Dad, hold on!
[angry growl]
Don't even think about trying to
escape.
You vulgar creatures.
Let's get him!
Talk to me, Dad, are you okay?
[gasp] Boruto! W-what are you
doing here?!
[gasp]
Why are you wearing that?
Uh...! [chuckle]
Many things have happened,
Naruto...
Huh?
And, well...
Now he's become a shinobi.
[chuckling] I feel like I'm
looking at my own Shadow Clone,
here!
Do I look a little bit cooler
now, at least?
I'll say!
Better than before!
Uh...!
Huh?
Wait, you just said "before",
so... you have been paying
attention?
[sigh]
Boruto...
I'm sorry...
For everything.
By trying to protect you...
and everyone in the village... I
ended up ignoring my family...
And I didn't even really try to
understand you.
Look, Dad...
Back when I was just a kid... I
wanted attention, too, so I kept
pulling pranks.
Honestly... I'm the last guy who
should be lecturing you.
Wait, you used to pull pranks?
[gasp] Oh, yeah...
I'd also paint words like
"stupid" and "idiot" on the
Great Stone Faces...
and Iruka Sensei yelled at me a
whole lot.
What, seriously?!
Y'know, it's funny, dad... but,
honestly, I hardly know anything
at all about you...
Boruto...
No that isn't really what I
mean...
Actually... I've always wanted
to know...
But... my pride held me back...
and I didn't even try to see
your side of things...
I just kept pushing back at
you...
But now... I wanna know!
I guess what I mean is...
It's fine the way it was.
Yeah... It's okay to keep things
like they were...
But...
when you're around, instead of
lectures...
I'd really like you to tell me
stories about your past.
[chuckle]
Sure...
Although... I gotta give you a
warning...
Huh?
We're talking about a seriously
long story, you know!
[laughing]
Well... if we're gonna protect
everybody, then we'd better get
going.
[gasp]
To protect everybody, huh?
Huh?
Oh, uh... Nothing. You always
say you gotta protect everyone
in the village...
But I guess... you really do
mean that, don't you?
[chuckle] Yeah, of course, ya
know!
Huh?
I gave my word. Once I do, I
never go back on it.
And I never will. Because that's
my Ninja Way!
[gasp]
Alright!
Let's go do this!
Yeah!
I'm with you! Let's do it!
(SHIKAMARU) Anyway... just make
sure that no one is missing.
Also, we've received intel that
there's one intruder that's gone
into hiding.
We believe there's a good chance
he's still lurking close by.
Everyone, remain on full alert.
We don't really know what to
expect, so be on guard!
Yes, sir!
(SHIKADAI) Dad...
What is it?
Um, shouldn't we... Be sending
out reinforcements?
Are you worried about Boruto?
Well, yeah, of course. I mean,
he's my friend.
[chuckle]
Kinda like me, when it came to
Naruto. I remember that I
couldn't sit still, either.
[gasp]
Just stay calm, alright?
We don't even know if the
enemy's gonna launch a second
wave of attacks yet.
You're always cool and rational.
I expect you to be able to
analyze the situation.
[sigh]
Look, all this is the Static
Rook Anaguma defense.
[gasp]
You get what I'm saying, don't
you?
Yeah, I do. We're the ones...
...who'll protect the Hidden
Leaf Village till Boruto and the
others return!
[chuckle]
Excuse me. I'm gonna join the
others, dad!
[sigh]
[chuckle] Well, look at him,
Mister Big Shot!
[grunt]
[pained grunt]
Hm?
[annoyed grunt]
[grunt] You're really nimble and
fast for someone your size.
[gasp]
You'll regret your insolence
soon enough... you
inconsequential weakling!
[grunt]
[pained grunt]
You're wide open!
And so are you.
Huh?!
[pained grunts]
You impudent--!
Huh?
Chidori!
[pained grunts]
(CHOJURO) Bloody Mist Sword
Art...
Honenuki: Bone...
...Mutilation!
Tsuchikage!
Leave it to me!
Lava Style: Ash Stone Sealing
Jutsu!
[inhale and blowing out]
[pained grunts]
[straining]
Huh?
Leave this guy to us. We'll hold
him here! You go take care of
the other one!
Making a move on the Hidden Leaf
Village when the Five Kage were
all assembled there...
You guys sure have bad luck...
[annoyed grunting]
If I were to die right here,
that would mean Kagura would end
up becoming the next Mizukage...
so...
...we're gonna stop you right
now!
[grunt]
Sorry we're late!
(BORUTO) Dad, wait!
Huh?
What's the matter, Boruto?
You can't use ninjutsu against
him, remember?!
Back in the arena he absorbed
every single jutsu I threw
at him...
And then he magnified the
intensity of those jutsu and
threw them right back at us!
Man, what a pain. [grunt]
It's simple.
You absorb jutsu, and then
release it, don't you?
But then that ammunition is gone
once you use it, isn't that
right?
[grunt]
Just like those toys from the
Scientific Ninja Tool Team.
Then that makes it easy.
We'll just use taijutsu. And
we'll take you down with brute
force.
Although that's kinda dull.
[growl] Huh?
[straining]
[growl]
We've already taken care of your
friend. Just surrender.
So, is that your child, then...
my dear Fox?
Ah, yes I see... It appears that
you're burdened with a rather
interesting fate...
[gasp]
It's really such a pity, Fox...
...that you possess so much raw
power...
yet you don't have the means to
pass it down to the next
generation...
What does that mean?! What the
hell are you talking about?!
Just keep your distance, Boruto.
Now let me show you... the way
we handle things in my clan!
[straining]
[grunt]
No way! How did he-?!
Do it now, Lord Momoshiki.
The time has come to consume my
chakra.
Just as in the past, when my
guardian entrusted me with their
power! Do not waver!
Don't worry; I won't!
[pained yell]
[chewing]
[gasp]
No way!
Your own brethren?!
Damn it!
This is bad.
[chewing]
[gasp]
[licking] Sorry, too late.
Fox...
...it's going to be your turn
next!
(MOMOSHIKI) How about we just
end this right now...
all of you fools who would dare
to defy a god!
(NARUTO) Oh man. This is not
looking good...
(MOMOSHIKI) Yes, that's right.
You understand. And now you will
all die!
(BORUTO) I can't wimp out now! I
gotta trust my teacher, Sasuke,
the one who believed in me!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Father and Child."
I gotta do this!